I always found the psychology to self-discovery and introspection fascinating. Ever since my roommate in freshman year got upset with me because I never opened up to her about my personal life, I started to wonder why I kept almost everything to myself. Was it because of shame? Embarrassment? Fear of being judged by others? Fear of being __*vulnerable*__? Truth is, there were many things that I internalized, but after realizing and trying to understand why, my journey through self-discovery and identity began. In my four years at SJSU, I have faced some difficult times with my family, and most recently, some of my friends, but I have worked through them; though it wasn't easy. This process takes a lot of time, and it personally was an enlightening journey for myself. 

There will be audio from interviews and my own predetermined comments. I want to create some sort of audio using voices and other sounds, meshing them together in such a way that induces anxiety and a sense of being overwhelmed. I want this to simulate the voices that we might have in our heads that criticize us or the thoughts one might have that holds them back from moving forward. We are our own worst critics and I intend to have these interviews about the interviewee's view of themself to grasp that message and feeling. The sound will start off slow, progress, and then calm down in the end to induce a possible sense of achievement or relief. 

I also want to make an audio visualizer that moves the viewer through space to simulate a journey; moving through spaces and time even though difficult times have come. I am not too sure yet what this will look like, but it will react to the sound that I will be making. 

Then in the end, I will put them both into one video for documentation, but also code them into a website so that it is easily accessible. I want this to be projected onto a wall with headphones hooked up nearby so that people can have the full experience. If we are doing the miniatures, then I will just have to scale down. Some other details are being worked out, but this is what I have so far.
